Add first version of CONTRIBUTING.md. (#77)
vtjeng/MIPVerify.jl: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing to MIPVerify

Author: ```suggestion
# Contributing to `MIPVerify`
```

> Welcome, and thank you for considering contributing to MIPVerify.

Author: ```suggestion
Welcome, and thank you for considering contributing to `MIPVerify`.
```

## Getting Started

You will need to get started by [installing Julia](https://julialang.org/downloads/platform/).

### Basic Setup

> If you are making changes to only documentation or tests, or are planning to add core functionality that will be tested with tests, you can simply check out this repository and start making changes.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are making changes to only documentation or tests, you can simply check out this repository and start making changes.
```

### Advanced Setup

> If you have an existing Julia script that uses the MIPVerify package, and want to run the script on the modified version of MIPVerify code via `julia my_script.jl`:

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to make changes to the `MIPVerify` package code, _and_ run an existing Julia script that imports the package:
```

  ...
```

You should now have the `MIPVerify` repository checked out at the path `$JULIA_ENV_FOLDER/dev/MIPVerify`, where `JULIA_ENV_FOLDER` refers to the folder containing the `Project.toml` file.

## Submitting Contributions

There are many ways to contribute to this package.

> Note: If you're new to Julia, consider working on one of the issues [labeled "good first issue"](https://github.com/vtjeng/MIPVerify.jl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22).

### Contributing to core functionality

We're excited to hear what new ideas you have for verification, and would be happy to discuss how best to implement it.

### Contributing datasets / networks

If you have an interesting new dataset, or a new network that you'll like to verify the robustness of, please consider opening a PR to share it with other users of this package.

### Improving Documentation

We use [`Documenter.jl`](https://juliadocs.github.io/Documenter.jl/stable/man/guide/), and documentation is stored in the `docs/` directory.

Documentation is generated [as part of the build process](https://github.com/vtjeng/MIPVerify.jl/blob/2f2a0918abe28fb5f8b0b14396363c516a9c80c6/.travis.yml#L23-L28).

> To generate documentation locally, run from the `docs/` directory

Author: ```suggestion
To generate documentation locally, run the following command from the `docs/` directory
```
